README.md, before:

# Syntactic Processing Assignment
> 

## Table of Contents
* [General Information](#general-information)
* [Approach](#approach)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [License](#license)

## General Information

#### Objective

## Approach

Following is the step-by-step approach followed to solve the given problem statement:
1. Data Understanding
1. Building Simple Model (Model I)
1. Building Model with Augment layer (Model II)
1. Using Augmentor (for increase dataset)
1. Building Model with Augmentor dataset (Model III)

## Conclusions

## Technologies Used
- Python (ver 3.12.7)
- NumPy (ver 1.26.4)
- Pandas (ver 2.2.2)
- MatplotLib (ver 3.9.2)
- Tensorflow (ver 2.18.0)
- Keras (ver 3.8.0)
- Augmentor (ver 0.2.12)

## Acknowledgements

## Contact
Created by [@rohit-agg](https://github.com/rohit-agg) - feel free to contact me!

## License
This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Completing the healthcare data assignment

README.md, after:

# Healthcare Data Assignment
> 

## Table of Contents
* [General Information](#general-information)
* [Approach](#approach)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [License](#license)

## General Information
'BeHealthy' has a web platform that allows doctors to list their services and manage patient interactions and provides services 
for patients such as booking interactions with doctors and ordering medicines online. Here, doctors can easily organise appointments, 
track past medical records and provide e-prescriptions.

#### Objective

## Approach

Following is the step-by-step approach followed to solve the given problem statement:
1. Data preprocessing
1. Concept identification
1. Defining features for CRF
1. Getting the features
1. Define input and target variables
1. Building the model
1. Evaluating the model
1. Identifying diseases and treatements

## Conclusions

## Technologies Used
- Python (ver 3.12.7)
- Pandas (ver 2.2.2)
- Spacy (ver 3.8.4)

## Acknowledgements

## Contact
Created by [@rohit-agg](https://github.com/rohit-agg) - feel free to contact me!

## License
This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md)
